Academic License Agreement
==========================

This license agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the Brazilian Center for Research in Energy and Materials (CNPEM) (hereafter "LICENSOR") will grant you (hereafter "LICENSEE") a royalty-free, non-exclusive license for academic, non-commercial purposes only (hereafter "LICENSE") to use the ssc-cdi computer software program and associated documentation furnished hereunder (hereafter "PROGRAM").

 Terms and Conditions of the LICENSE:

1. LICENSOR grants to LICENSEE a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the PROGRAM for academic, non-commercial purposes, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set out and until termination of this license as set forth below.

2. LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is a research tool still in the development stage. The PROGRAM is provided without any related services, improvements or warranties from LICENSOR and that the LICENSE is entered into in order to enable others to utilize the PROGRAM in their academic activities. It is the LICENSEE’s responsibility to ensure its proper use and the correctness of the results.

3. THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, USE AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSOR, THE AUTHORS OR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM OR THE USE OF THE PROGRAM.

4. LICENSEE agrees that it will use the PROGRAM and any modifications, improvements, or derivatives of the PROGRAM that the LICENSEE may create (collectively, "IMPROVEMENTS") solely for academic, non-commercial purposes and that any copy of the PROGRAM or derivatives thereof shall be distributed only under the same license as the PROGRAM. The terms "academic, non-commercial", as used in this Agreement, mean academic or other scholarly research which (a) is not undertaken for profit, or (b) is not intended to produce works, services, or data for commercial use, or (c) is neither conducted, nor funded, by a person or an entity engaged in the commercial use, application or exploitation of works similar to the PROGRAM.

5. LICENSEE agrees that it shall make the following acknowledgement in any publication resulting from the use of the PROGRAM or any translation of the code into another computing language: "Data processing was carried out using the ssc-cdi reconstruction package (doi: 10.5281/zenodo.10949772)."

6. Except for the above-mentioned acknowledgment, LICENSEE shall not use the PROGRAM title or the names or logos of LICENSOR, nor any adaptation thereof, nor the names of any of its employees or laboratories, in any advertising, promotional or sales material without prior written consent obtained from the LICENSOR in each case.

7. Ownership of all rights, including copyright in the PROGRAM and in any material associated therewith, shall at all times remain with the LICENSOR, and the LICENSEE agrees to preserve same. LICENSEE agrees not to use any portion of the PROGRAM or of any IMPROVEMENTS in any machine-readable form outside the PROGRAM, nor to make any copies except for its internal use, without prior written consent of the LICENSOR. LICENSEE agrees to place the following copyright notice on any such copies:

© All rights reserved. Brazilian Center for Research in Energy and Materials (CNPEM).

8. The LICENSE shall not be construed to confer any rights upon the LICENSEE by implication or otherwise except as specifically set forth herein.

9. LICENSEE SHALL BE AWARE THAT PHASE FOCUS LIMITED OF SHEFFIELD, UK HAS AN INTERNATIONAL PORTFOLIO OF PATENTS AND PENDING APPLICATIONS RELATING TO PTYCHOGRAPHY, AND THAT THE PROGRAM MAY BE CAPABLE OF BEING USED IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH MAY FALL WITHIN THE CLAIMS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE PHASE FOCUS PATENTS (SEE HTTPS://WWW.PHASEFOCUS.COM/PATENTS). THE LICENSOR EXPLICITLY DECLARES THAT IT WILL NOT INDEMNIFY THE LICENSEE IN THE EVENT THAT PHASE FOCUS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY INITIATES LEGAL ACTION AGAINST THE LICENSEE DUE TO THE USE OF THE PROGRAM. THE LICENSOR, THE AUTHORS OR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO DEALINGS INVOLVING THE PROGRAM. THE LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THE PROGRAM. THE LICENSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT THEIR USE OF THE PROGRAM DOES NOT INFRINGE ON ANY PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND MUST VERIFY AND ADDRESS ANY POTENTIAL PATENT CLAIMS INDEPENDENTLY.

10. This Agreement shall be governed by the material laws of Brazil and any dispute arising out of this Agreement or use of the PROGRAM shall be brought before the courts of Brazil.


                   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <https://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.


  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.

  0. Additional Definitions.

  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU
General Public License.

  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode
of using an interface provided by the Library.

  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked
Version".

  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code  
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.

  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.

  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  2. Conveying Modified Versions.

  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified
version:

   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to
   ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or

   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of
   this License applicable to that copy.

  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

  4. Combined Works.

  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of
the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among
   these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the
   copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.

   d) Do one of the following:

       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this
       License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying
       Corresponding Source.

       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked
       Version.

   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise
   be required to provide such information under section 6 of the
   GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the
   Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the
   Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If
   you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany
   the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application
   Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation
   Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL
   for conveying Corresponding Source.)

  5. Combined Libraries.

  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side by side in a single library together with other library
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your
choice, if you do both of the following:

   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based
   on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,
   conveyed under the terms of this License.

   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that published version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the
Library.
